well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so this morning my inbox is full of
questions about tennessee
so we're just going to jump right into
that i'm going to
talk a little bit about what we know and
i'm going to talk about a mistake that i
see people making
right now there's a whole bunch of
people speculating about intent
you can't do that yet
with stuff like this there's a whole lot
of unintended consequences
and if you work from intent
you may pick an unintended consequence
and work backwards
like right now there's a whole bunch of
people saying that because there was a
disruption in communications that was
the goal we don't know that that's true
i've seen no evidence to suggest the
actual goal was to disrupt
communications
that could just be something that
happened along the way
the the goal may have been that they
were mad at the melting pot
we don't know the uh
disrupting communications very well may
have been the goal
but there's no evidence to suggest that
yet
there are other wilder theories out
there some of which have
like just basic geography wrong but
they're all making the same mistake
they're working backwards from
intent the why who what when where why
we know when we know where we know what
we don't know who and until you know who
you can't speculate on intent
in this case the how was really
important method of delivery
level of technical expertise the type of
vehicle used the warning the fact that
there wasn't a claim of responsibility
all of this stuff
can help lead you to who and then from
there you can get to the why
that to me is something that needs to be
addressed because there's a lot of wild
speculation
and once once an idea takes a root
that this was the intent it
can alter an investigation and lead it
in the wrong direction
at the moment we do not know the intent
okay what do we know
technical expertise was low um i know
that's counterintuitive because it was
really big
but think about it in terms of cooking
what is harder to do twice baked potato
or a 30 gallon pot of
mashed potatoes from a bag the twice
baked potato
when you're talking about this topic in
particular
normally the smaller it is the more
expertise there is
i've looked at a lot of the clips the
news clips and this does not look
it doesn't look like there was a lot of
expertise it doesn't look like there was
a lot of
training involved in this but i don't
have the
the forensics yet to really say that for
certain but just based off of
what i've been able to see in clips
this looks like something that could
have been pulled off by anybody with a
few hundred bucks in a library card
the fact that there's no claim of
responsibility leads me to believe
gut feeling that it is a personal
grievance
blended with something political more
than
something that is just political if it
is
just political people tend to tell you
that there there's there's a notice
there's a claim there's like hey
this was us and we're proud of that type
of thing that hasn't happened
um the the big
part the big lesson in the last 24 hours
is making sure you go through the steps
the intent is the holy grail that's what
you find at the end
that's that isn't a basis to start from
because you're going to end up with the
wrong information
you know you can you can start to suffer
from confirmation bias that way
at this point we don't know a lot the
next steps in this are going to be the
investigators
tracing the origin of the vehicle
from there they can probably get to who
from there they'll go to their search
engine
and from there you'll get to the why or
they may just tell us at some point
but right now we don't have enough
information to speculate on that
and i think that trying to do so may
may be uh self-defeating because
if there's a whole bunch of information
that comes out saying oh well we believe
it was this because communications were
disrupted if there is
information that comes along later that
suggests that isn't true people don't
believe it
and then that's where all of these wild
claims come from
because they hear the reporting and they
get their mind set to believe
one thing and then other information
surfaces
so i would just keep an open mind on
this
until more information becomes available
this shouldn't take long
uh the area where this occurred there's
a lot of cameras
once all of that is recovered and
analyzed they will be able to track it
back
and they'll probably track it back to a
location where they got that vehicle
and then they'll they'll have to track
back the vehicle that they arrived at
that location in
and eventually they'll get to where they
need to be um
it's really hard to do something like
this in the united states and get away
with it
it shouldn't take much time to uh
for them to come to a conclusion about
who
only then can we get to the why
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day